---
partial: true
---
<section class="testimonials" markdown="1">

# What parents are saying<br>about the curriculum

Making the quill was very cool, and it worked great! (I was
skeptical). My girls were enthralled and happily used them for an
hour or more. They would have happily gone on longer, but I wanted
to supervise their use of ink that might stain, and I needed to do
other things. After making the quill and while using it to sign the
Declaration, my daughter declared, "This is the best day ever!" I
think it was a hit :-)

Homeschooling mother of four {.author}


Having the kids work on the pledge of allegiance was great. They
say it at school, but they hadn't really learned what the words
meant. Simply helping them understand the first two words, "I
pledge" was great. They realized when they said the pledge they had
an active role -- they were promising to be loyal to America, which
is one nation under God, that stands for liberty and justice for
all. After practicing for a few weeks our 4 year old could say the
pledge well and our 6 year old could explain what each line meant
(what is "the republic for which it stands" -- our form of
government isn't a monarchy like the old days, an
autocracy/communist like China, or a pure democracy where 50.1%
makes the rules).

That is a seemingly simple thing, saying the pledge, but we spent
hours on it and the kids learned a lot. When even our little ones (4,
2) see the flag in the Long May She Wave book they will say - 'that
is the symbol of America! and it still waves!â€™

Marty K, afterschooling father of three {.author}


This was a good introduction to talking more about slavery. We've
talked on and off about it, but it was good to have a week where it
was talked about regularly. As usual, the reenactment was the big
hit this week. My eldest talked about it and helped plan it all
week. She had so much fun doing it that she collected all our stars
and a play pop-up tent and brought them to Grandma's the next day
and cajoled everyone into doing it again with Grandma and Grandpa. I
think Daddy got rather tired of being a slaveowner.

Homeschooling mother of four {.author}


We liked this lesson a lot! It was very interactive. Our kids had
the opportunity to volunteer, practice doing encouragement,
participate in the surprise attack -- all very hands-on. So not just
learning, but also implementing. Able to put the story and
principles to life. Loved that a Bible verse was included. Kids
loved the various arts and crafts!

Homeschooling mother of two {.author}

</section>
