## Introduction

_Freedom on the Menu_ tells the story of one of the seminal events of
the Civil Rights movement of the 1960s, as seen through the eyes of a
young girl and her family. We are introduced to Martin Luther King,
Jr., the man who galvanized the nation with his speeches and
non-violent protests. It was Martin Luther King, Jr. who repeatedly
reminded America of the claim in our founding document that “All Men
Are Created Equal” and asked America when that would be true for black
Americans.


While Martin Luther King, Jr. towers over the era of Civil Rights,
_Freedom on the Menu_ focuses on the story of ordinary people—an
ordinary family—rising up, organizing, marching, boycotting,
picketing, protesting, and practicing civil disobedience so that they
could participate fully in the American dream. It is a very American
story, the story of an oppressed people joining together voluntarily
across all walks of life to fight for the American ideal, that “All
Men Are Created Equal.”

Finally, it’s worth noting the importance of the family in this
story. Families are the fundamental unit of American society. _Freedom
on the Menu_ demonstrates the centrality of families for transmitting
values from one generation to the next. Connie’s parents, her older
brother and sister, even her great-Aunt Gertie all support the Civil
Rights movement – and young Connie wants to be part of it, too. The
author, Carole Boston Weatherford, shows us a loving family fighting
together, but in different ways, to move America closer to her own
ideals.
