---
layout: default
title: About – American History Education Project
---

<!-- <section class="title" markdown="1"> -->

<!-- {:.title} -->
<!-- # About -->

<!-- </section> -->

<section class="about" markdown="1">

## About the American History Education Project

The American History Education Project seeks to instill in our
children and grandchildren an appreciation for the epic of American
exceptionalism by sharing with them the triumphant stories of the
pursuit of liberty, our struggles to live up to our declaration that
“all men are created equal,” and the beacon that America has been to
the world as the “land of the free and the home of the brave.”

These inspiring stories constitute the passing of the torch of liberty
to the next generation so that they in their turn can prosper and
flourish while preserving and extending our exceptional American
heritage for the generations to come.

“The position of the Americans is therefore exceptional, and it may be
believed that no other democratic people will ever be placed in a
similar one.”

Alexis de Tocqueville, _Democracy in America_
{:.author}

## Why are we doing this?

**We believe** that the virtues and values of American Exceptionalism
are the building blocks of the American Dream and have brought
prosperity not only to America but to the world.

**We believe** that American Exceptionalism is a beacon of hope to
people everywhere who seek freedom, opportunity, prosperity and a
better life for their children.

**We believe** that if the virtues and values of American
Exceptionalism are not passed on to the next generation they will be
extinguished.

**We believe** the virtues and values of American Exceptionalism are
under assault by believers in an extreme ideology that has largely
captured our public schools.

**We believe** the family has the primary responsibility for passing
on the virtues and values of American Exceptionalism to the next
generation.

## About our co-founders

### Chris & Monica Cardiff

Chris and Monica Cardiff homeschooled their three daughters all the
way through high school. Their daughters graduated with honors from
major universities (UCSD, UCLA, and Virginia Tech) with STEM
degrees. Together, Chris and Monica founded the largest homeschooling
support group in Silicon Valley, All Ways Learning, where they served
for over ten years.

Chris also served as the founding president of the California
Homeschool Network, a statewide homeschooling organization whose
mission is to protect the fundamental right of parents to educate
their children in the manner they deem appropriate without
interference by federal, state, or local agencies. You can read about
his professional career and find links to some of the articles he’s
written about education and homeschooling [here][cfc].

[cfc]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/christopher-f-cardiff-a70104/

Chris and Monica started the American History Education Project to
help the next generation of homeschooling parents (and grandparents!)
teach and share their values with their children. They were inspired
by their own children and grandchildren who are co-developing and
alpha testing all the AHEP material — and having a great time doing
it!

### Steve & Brianna Hicks

Steve and Brianna Hicks have been homeschooling their children for the
last six years. Over the last year they have helped draft and test all
of the modules for the American History Education Project. In addition
to AHEP, they participate in [Classical Conversations][cc] and [Awana]
for their homeschooling curriculum.

[cc]: https://classicalconversations.com/
[Awana]: https://www.awana.org/

Brianna was homeschooled through high school. For six years she served
as editor of AWL News, the monthly newsletter of All Ways Learning, a
homeschool support group in Silicon Valley. She also wrote the Picture
Book of the Month review column for AWL News, which helped prepare her
for developing the Great Picture Book curriculum that serves as the
foundation for AHEP. Brianna has a PhD in Economics from Stanford
University and vets all of the economic activities in AHEP. She also
develops all of the Arts & Crafts activities. You can read about her
professional career [here][bch].

[bch]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianna-cardiff-hicks-a001255/

Steve is a homeschooling [dude dad]. He enthusiastically leads and
develops all of the Science activities for AHEP, instilling a love of
math and science in the kids while teaching them the underlying
concepts. Steve has a PhD in Physics from Cornell University. You can
read about his professional career [here][sdh].

[dude dad]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z4X7we84Gk
[sdh]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephen-hicks-57231344/

</section>
